Release notes for 1.16.6, 1.17.4, 1.18.1 (#13563)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.17.x/announcing-1.17.4/releaseNotes.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.17.4
linktitle: 1.17.4
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.17.4 patch release.
publishdate: 2023-07-14
release: 1.17.4
---

This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.17.3 and 1.17.4.

{{< relnote >}}

## Security update

- __[CVE-2023-35945](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/security/advisories/GHSA-jfxv-29pc-x22r)__: (CVSS Score 7.5, High):

> HTTP/2 memory leak in `nghttp2` codec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP/2 memory leak in `nghttp2` codec.
```

# Changes

- **Added** rolling update max unavailable to CNI Helm chart to speed up deploys.

> - **Fixed** an issue where the cert validity was not accurate for `istioctl pc secret` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where the certificate validity was not accurate for `istioctl proxy-config secret` command.
```

- **Fixed** an issue where Istiod might crash when a cluster is deleted and xDS cache is disabled.
  ([Issue #45798](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/45798))

> - **Fixed** an issue where specifying multiple include conditions by `--include` in bug report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where specifying multiple include conditions using `--include` in a bug report
```

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.17.4
linktitle: 1.17.4
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.17.4 patch release.
publishdate: 2023-07-14
release: 1.17.4
---

This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.17.3 and 1.17.4. There will be an additional security release made after July 25th, 2023 that will fix numerous
security defects with the highest security defect considered high severity. For more information, please see the
[announcement](https://discuss.istio.io/t/upcoming-istio-v1-18-1-v1-17-4-and-v1-16-6-security-releases/15864).

{{< relnote >}}

## Security update

- __[CVE-2023-35945](https://github.com/envoyproxy/envoy/security/advisories/GHSA-jfxv-29pc-x22r)__: (CVSS Score 7.5, High):
HTTP/2 memory leak in `nghttp2` codec.

> # Changes

Reviewer: On the .17 and .18 pages, the Changes header seems to large.
```suggestion
## Changes
```
